Full cleanup on destroy() (#84)
DataDog/apps: .changeset/loud-apricots-happen.md

---
'@datadog/framepost': minor
'@datadog/ui-extensions-sdk': minor
---

> Ensure full shutdown of requests on framepost client destroy. Additional errors may now be thrown from request handlers in rare side-cases. This shoult mainly not effect the SDK, but we are bumping the minor version to be safe.

Reviewer: 📝 Couple of minor typos:

```suggestion
Ensure full shutdown of requests on framepost client destroy. Additional errors may now be thrown from request handlers in rare side-cases. This should mainly not affect the SDK, but we are bumping the minor version to be safe.
```
